[Music]
wow
little sparrow here driver you are
ready roger send the package if the plan
alpha does not work
you'll die
[Music]
I owe you times and no finger plays
and during that time what can we
make
in the room we go zy him to
drivers fl is really not big
thing no it's not good at all
definition and now the swiss
did not imagine paradise like that
imagine how maybe with
clouds of smoke angels the concept
my name is pink and I'm here to
audition for the role of co teammate
I think you would do a very good
non nakheel teammate is looking for himself
someone to be my teammate but
yes it's clear it's clear it would take you
a new name
what do you think of cuckoo junior hockey
so this is my name is mathieu I am
a little depressive because I miss
human contact and attention and I
that my contacts on the internet that me
relates to fuck you cook and
hate but I'll fuck you
the problem of time is a no
problem you order the problem of
time is to deny the concept
of last time question how
do you react in situation
of failure well you have understood everything from
new reports understands that I
understood his mother
and yeah, you're going to cook up shit
can not be my auditioned teammate
the best candidate will be engaged i
the eyes profile a month that is some
thing you're telling me no test in
my game is going to be super hard hello what
What are you doing here spaghetti I here
call me doctor we know and I am
come for the position of teammate who what
but you're my biggest enemy I'm
sheet but it does not remain months that
I could be an ideal ally
like for example i'm the thomas shock
you can not be my teammate so
go final to what works and what
game you will participate in the selections
but neither will be my
teammate there are other candidates
hello you want to see my third dick
candidate is part of the evil plan
they lounge never
show off your fast and that's
you that the winner
the winner will be the one who happens to be
absolutely mind-blowing to bring me back
a good I think I'm going to run less
in a ball on the floor and I'm going to suck my
hot cock is going
[Music]
Yes
I have a great news to announce you my
adventures are exclusive to channel
j and nowhere else
no
[Music]